---
title: "git on local branch and update/rebase master"
category: git
layout: post
---

* content
{:toc}

经过这么多次的git的操作，现在对这个工具更有深刻的认识了。

Imaging in a work scenes,after you `git clone git-project` and you "git checkout -b new_branch".When you have finished some works,for example,fix bug and orther operations, you are preparing `git push origin master`,But :), yes,you will face such scenes like that.

*Important*: Some people have updated "master branch",you felt bad because maintainer will not accept your change(There is called confilct).So, you must resolve it first.

How?

# Uncommited( undo git push)
If you dont' t have commited (push) your change(or after `git add`),or you `git format-patch`
this is best scenes.

1. In your local branch:

```git
git stash
```
The command will stash your local work, maybe *hint*.If you operate the step,the origin master will not note your change,so,

```git
git checkout master
```

2. Or some other branchs:

and

```git
git fetch origin master && git rebase origin master
```

3. 　Return your local branch

```git
git rebase origin/master
git stash pop
```

OK

# Committed (git push)
In  _gerrit_,there is many cases you have `git push` code in gerrit server,but
owner of system maybe not have satisfaction with your change.After servel days,
you have to rebase master branch into you dev branch. This is easy to do it.

1. update master branch

Yeah, first of all we must update master branch in any methods.

`git fetch origin`
First fetch the new master from the upstream repository, then rebase your work branch on that:

2. On local branch rebase the master branch

`git rebase origin/master`

[the link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7929369/how-to-rebase-local-branch-with-remote-master)
